When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  R.- When I want other people to rate my code and if is optimal to do it in that way, because sometimes I do a lot of cycles that messed up our memory.
  
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	R.- Because if it can messed up my work for some changes of my lines that I need in order to work something else out, and doing it manually can always check out at the end if that's the same I need in order for my code to work.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	R.- Instead of cloning and then pushing to another repository, fork does that, so instead of cloning like that, fork gets your work easier and in other hand branch are labels like you said, and they help you to organize your versions of your project. Forking maybe when you want to credit the guy who gives you the idea of the project and clone when you want to work out that out and make your version of it, and branch when you want to create different concepts in your project at the same time.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	R.- I dont understand this question because is hard to focus when ppl are talking by your side in yoru home ._.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	R.- Like according personally with your people, and passing your changes and it would be harder to mix them in only one but doesnt require to inflict in some classes so you established that you are going to do one thing and others won't touch that.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	R.- When i dont want to affect our local project and make some changes and if they do well at the end maybe mix it with master and will be added all the complete working job.