What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	R.- It creates data to save our info need it to use git in our folder, this data is hidden, in order to be able to see it you'll need to check out with ls -a command, and it will you all the information that is in your folder. 

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	R.- I think staging area is between them in order to add information about your project that are related in function you can always save them in one commit and adding a description that applies for both files, this is kinda awesome because it gives you more power to manipulate your files :)

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	R.- You are able to check within the working directory and the repository if your change will help and be part of the commit you want to create with your options.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	R.- Maybe when someones in working on the project in different languages in able to make the project readeble for everyone in the world, and branch make this easy to happen because our partners on the project can work on their branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	R.- You are able to see in which branch do you want to work out a new feature or continuing working on it, and you have more control if you structure it in a diagram.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	R.- Addindg some features that you worked on besides our master project and we can add them in order to have the 2 version of the code, and It's heplful to make a diagram like that so you don't get lose with so many commits.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	R.- Some advantages that this represent are that if the code keep working with the auto fill there you shouldnot be a problem to do it automatic, but you I'll prefer doing it manually because you can understand the changes and what if they are really need it or not.


	